[BMORE-2024] Closing Proposals, Opening tickets (#13634)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2024-baltimore/welcome.md

    <h4>
      <p>DevOpsDays Baltimore, happening on May 21-22, is a concise, content-rich event for Central Maryland DevOps professionals. It features back-to-back 30-minute keynotes on topical issues and innovations in the field. The program also includes 5-minute ignite talks for rapid-fire knowledge and idea-sharing. Every afternoon will also include an Open Spaces portion, where any and every attendee can propose their own topic, and break into small groups to discuss it with anyone interested. DevOpsDays Baltimore is an opportunity to connect with peers and gain insights relevant to modern DevOps challenges and solutions.</p>
    </h4>
    <br>

>     <h2>{{< event_link page="registration" text="Register to attend the conference, tickets on sale now!" >}}</h2>

Reviewer: This link is directing to /registration, which says "Embed registration iframe/link/etc.", as opposed to the registration_link. 

I think (based on previous events), this will work: 
```suggestion
    <h2>{{< event_link url-key="registration_link" text="Register to attend the conference, tickets on sale now!" >}}</h2>
```

(if this does work) you should also use this variable as opposed to manually copying the URL (as you do later in this same file)

Author: oh thanks!  I couldn't figure out the hugo-isms to make it work
